---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Creating the Next Gen Social Networks"
subheadline: "The Business Plan"
meta_teaser: "Have you ever imagined a social network that does not rely on the Internet, and by its nature does not collect any user data?"
teaser: "<em>Have you ever imagined a social network that does not rely on the Internet, and by its nature does not collect any user data?</em>"
header: no
categories:

---
<!--more-->

### Problem Summary:
<br />
<ul>
<li>Net Neutrality violations we are facing. See <a href='https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-switch/wp/2018/02/22/the-fccs-net-neutrality-rules-will-die-on-april-23-heres-what-happens-now/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.5a0634c8ec69'>The FCC’s vote repealing its net neutrality rules is finally official. Here’s what happens now.</a></li> 
<li>User Privacy issues. Reference the recent Facebook user data scandal.</li>
</ul>

### Our Mission:
<br />

Pie Pie Cat Tech provides apps that connect people in a way you've never seen before.

The apps listed under Pie Pie Cat have the following features:
<ul>
<li>Connects every nearby mobile phones directly without having to connect any cell phone towers in between.</li>

<li>Uses Short Range Wireless Communication Technologies instead of Internet connectivity.</li>

<li>Provides no servers to exchange information. (The information is exchanged directly between nearby mobile phones)</li>

<li>Only stores user information locally on their mobile devices.</li>

<li>Does not collect any kind of user data so no worry about any data breach.</li>

<li>Users the proximity between users instead of their location data.</li>

<li>Internet Service Providers are not be able to block, filter, monitor or slow down the service so Net Neutrality is maintained.</li>

<li>The app itself is not able to filter information exchanged either.</li>

<li>Users will not leave any traces behind.</li>

<li>Bonus: such design totally complies with the cybersecurity laws enforced by countries like Russia and China, which require certain companies to store personal and “significant data” to servers on their soil if you know what I'm talking about.</li>

<li>This is a market that is fairly untapped.</li>

<li>It could be a new trend how people are interacting with each other.</li>
</ul>


### Market & Competition:
<br />

<ul>
<li>Social networks relying on the Internet are dominated by big names like Facebook, Twitter etc but social networks that are not relying on the Internet are barely seen.</li>
  
<li>You don't see a lot of companies focusing on the peer-to-peer mobile connections except the only other firm named Open Garden.</li>  
</ul>

### Business Model:
<br />
<ul>
<li>Ad Feeds as opposed to News Feeds maybe. (I haven't really figured it out yet)</li> 
</ul>

### Market Plan:
<br />
<ul>
<li>In order for the solution to work we need just enough installations in cities with high population density.</li>
</ul>

### The Pitch: 
<br />
<ul>
<li>Reshape the way people are connected with each other.</li> 
<li>Create the trend of the Next Gen Social Networks.</li>
<li>Dominate the market of social networks without the Internet.</li>
<li>Be part of the cause that has more social impact than an economic one.</li>
<li>Be the first investor of Pie Pie Cat the disruptive company.</li>
</ul>
<br />
<br />